a za longs. You realize the goal of the mission that you're fighting for
a bigger cause than the time that you spend in the Navy, Uh, can
really feel fill you with a sense of pride. Um, life is gonna be tough,
especially for the younger people, you know, 22 23 years old. Um,
if you're in the power plants, then you're gonna be sweating all the
time. If you cook, they know that you're still gonna have to do general
quarters. You're gonna be putting on this, uh, firefighting outfit
and, you know, like fighting fake fires. And, ah, lot of it might
not seem so so necessary. Uh, you're gonna be training day after
day, month after month, and you're gonna say, Hey, you know what? We've
never seen a fire. Or maybe one fire happens every three or four
months. Like why? Why do we all trained so hard for so long? And as
you as soon as you realize that, um, the goal of the mission is to
be always prepared and to know exactly what to do to have immediate
response, then that's gonna fill you with a sense of ease. Uh, saying
that. You know what? Um, everyone's looking out for my safety. I'm
protecting America, and my ship is protecting myself. So a songs you
realized the goal of the mission. Um, then you'll be all right.